RDSC-3622 static and dynamic ttl examples (#1620)
redis/docs: content/integrate/redis-data-integration/data-pipelines/transform-examples/redis-expiration-example.md

            expression: EXPIRES_TIMESTAMP / 1000000 - STRFTIME('%s', 'now')
            language: sql
  ```
- `TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE` - the value is represented as string representation of the timestamp with time zone information.
- `TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE` - the value is represented as string representation of the timestamp with local time zone information.
  
  For both `TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE` and `TIMESTAMP WITH LOCAL TIME ZONE`, a two-step approach is needed. First, calculate the difference between the given time and now in seconds and then invert the value. 
    ```yaml
      transform:
        - uses: add_field
          with:
            fields:
              - field: expire_seconds
                language: jmespath
                expression: time_delta_seconds(EXPIRES_TS_TZ)
      output:
        - uses: redis.write
          with:
            data_type: hash
            expire:
              # `time_delta_seconds` Returns the number of seconds between a given dt and now. 
              # A negative value means that the given dt is in the future, so we need to invert it.

>               # A positive value means that the given dt is in the past, so we set the expiration to -1 (expire immediately).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              # A positive value means that the given dt is in the past, so set the expiration to -1 (expire immediately).
```

              expression: CASE WHEN expire_seconds < 0 THEN -expire_seconds ELSE -1 END
              language: sql
    ```

----

### SQL Server examples
SQL Server supports the following date and time data types:

> - `date` - represented in Debezium as number of days since epoch (1970-01-01). Please note that due to the lack of time information, this method is not very accurate.

Reviewer: Minor point, but you shouldn't normally use "please" in the docs.
```suggestion
- `date` - represented in Debezium as number of days since epoch (1970-01-01). Note that due to the lack of time information, this method is not very accurate.
```

  ```yaml
    output:
    - uses: redis.write
      with:
        data_type: hash
        expire:

>           # We calculate the number of seconds for the amount of days and subtract the current time in seconds since epoch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Calculate the number of seconds equivalent to the number of days and subtract the current time in seconds since epoch.
```

          expression: (event_date * 86400) - strftime('%s', 'now')
          language: sql
  ```

- `datetime`, `smalldatetime` - represented in Debezium as number of milliseconds since epoch.
  ```yaml
    output:
    - uses: redis.write
      with:
        data_type: hash
        expire:

>           # Due to event_datetime being in milisecond we need to divide it by 1000 to convert it to seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Since event_datetime is in miliseconds, you must divide it by 1000 to convert it to seconds.
```

          language: sql
  ```
- `datetime2` - similar to `datetime` but with higher precision. For `datetime2(0-3)` the representation is the same as for `datetime`. For `datetime2(4-6)` it is the number of microseconds since epoch. and for `datetime2(7)` it is the number of nanoseconds since epoch. You can use the same approach as for `datetime` but you need to divide by 1000, 1000000 or 1000000000 depending on the precision.

- `time` - the time of milliseconds since midnight.
  ```yaml
    output:
    - uses: redis.write
      with:
        data_type: hash
        expire:
          # We convert the time to seconds and subtract the current time in seconds since midnight.
          expression: (event_time / 1000.0) -
            (
              CAST(strftime('%H', 'now') AS INTEGER) * 3600 +
              CAST(strftime('%M', 'now') AS INTEGER) * 60 +
              CAST(strftime('%S', 'now') AS INTEGER)
            )
          language: sql
  ```
- `datetimeoffset` - represented as a timestamp with timezone information, where the timezone is GMT
  ```yaml
  output:
    - uses: redis.write
      with:
        data_type: hash
        expire:

>           # We convert the time to seconds and subtract the current time in seconds since epoch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Convert the time to seconds and subtract the current time in seconds since epoch.
```
